==== Hwk 3 ====
Q1.Why did Brady's patch remove the line
"case_long_iso_time_style:"? 
Was it necessary to remove that line? Explain.

Brady's patch removed the line and replaced it with:
case long_iso_time_style. The underscore was interefering with 
the actual flow structure of the switch or if/else 
statement. Brady simply removed the inside of the for loop
as a fix and proposed to truncate all dates into 3 characters
with month spelled in the local language, the case change was
insignificant since the for loop was never going to call the 
removed if statement from the first place.

Q2.If your company adopts this patched version of 
Coreutils instead of the default one, what else 
should you watch out for? Might this new version 
of Coreutils introduce other problems with your 
application, perhaps in countries where users don't 
speak English and don't understand English-format 
dates?

Brady's patch simply truncated all the month letters into
3 characters. What this would do(though not apparent in
standard english), is misplace the formatting if there was
another language(thus another locale). In addition, there
are more people who use computers in non-standard english
countries than there are in the U.S. and Britain, for e.x.
Which means that the poor formatting will affect more people.

Q3.What happens when this script is invoked on an empty 
file like /dev/null, and why?

The script throws an IndexError which is caused by the
list index being "out of range". If the file is empty, the
list would have a size of 0. Even accessing array index 0 
in the list of lines in the file would yield an IndexError.
In the code itself, there was a comment on the problem:
"# raises IndexError if seq is empty"

Q4. What happens when this script is invoked with Python 3 
rather than Python 2, and why? (You can run Python 3 on 
the SEASnet hosts by using the command python3 instead of 
python.)

The script throws a SyntaxError because Python3 has a
different syntax than Python2. The proper syntax should
now be:
except IOError as err:


